[#10128] Add Homebrew tap trust step to Terminus upgrade instructions (#10131)
pantheon-systems/documentation: src/source/content/terminus/02-install.md

<hr/>

> Before upgrading, you must trust the Terminus formula. This is a one-time step required by Homebrew for formulas installed from third-party taps — see [Homebrew Tap Trust](https://docs.brew.sh/Tap-Trust) for more information. Without it, `brew upgrade` will silently skip the update.

Author: ```suggestion
Before upgrading, you may need to trust the Terminus formula. This is a one-time step required by Homebrew for formulas installed from third-party taps — see [Homebrew Tap Trust](https://docs.brew.sh/Tap-Trust) for more information. Without it, `brew upgrade` will silently skip the update.
```
